# app-dev
my first repository
# List of my Favorite Series
1. Farming Life in Another World - During the final years of his life, Hiraku Machio remained confined to a hospital bed with a terminal illness until he finally passed away. Taking pity on the unfair life he lived, a god decides to reincarnate Hiraku in another world where he can live as he pleases. Wanting to try farming in this new life, he is bestowed with an all-in-one "Almighty Farming Tool" that can transform into any useful implement he wishes. Hiraku is then transported to a forest seemingly far from civilization. Here, he plans to build and farm everything from scratch—gradually developing the lifeless area into a thriving new society.
2. Chronicles of an Aristocrat Reborn in Another World - The main character, Shiina Kazuya is killed by a stranger while trying to protect his childhood friend’s younger sister. He was reborn as "Cain von Silford", the third son of an Aristocrat, in a world of magic and swords. Cain will grow up surrounded by Gods who don’t know self-restraint, the nobles of the Kingdom, and young women. In order to avoid raising any flags, he tries to hide the incredible amount of stats and protections he received from the Gods. This is the royal road fantasy of a boy who is at times two-faced and at times clumsy.
3. Mushoku Tensei Jobless Reincarnation - When a 34-year-old underachiever gets run over by a truck, his story doesn't end there. Reincarnated in a new world as an infant, Rudy will seize every opportunity to live the life he's always wanted. Armed with new friends, some freshly acquired magical abilities, and the courage to do the things he's always dreamed of, he's embarking on an epic adventure—with all of his past experience intact!

## List of my favorite movies
1. The Conjuring - Paranormal investigators, Ed & Lorraine Warren take on their must disturbing case to date. Jack & Janet Smurl and their family, move into a brand new home they've dreamed of, which turned into a nightmare as their home begins show signs of demonic infestation.
2. Train to Busan - This movie is a 2016 South Korean zombie apocalypse action thriller film directed by Yeon Sang-ho and starring Gong Yoo, Jung Yu-mi, and Ma Dong-seok. The film mostly takes place on a train headed to Busan during a sudden zombie apocalypse in South Korea that compromises the survival of the passengers.
3. The Grudge - Matthew Williams (William Mapother), his wife, Jennifer (Clea DuVall), and mother, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), are Americans making a new life in Tokyo. Together they move into a house that has been the site of supernatural occurrences in the past, and it isn't long before their new home begins terrorizing the Williams family as well. The house, as it turns out, is the site of a curse that lingers in a specific place and claims the lives of anyone that comes near.
